AND FEEL LIKE THE 20s.
>> REPORTER: THURSDAY, 44 AND
38 DEGREES.
>>> TIME NOW FOR "SHELTER ME
RESCUE OF THE WEEK," THE ANIMAL
RESCUE IS DIFFERENT THAN ANY ONE
YOU'VE SEEN BEFORE, BUT THE LOVE
OF ANIMALS AND THE GOAL TO GET
THEM FOREVER HOMES IS ALL THE
SAME.
HERE'S MATT O'DONNELL.
>> REPORTER: THEY LOOK
INTIMIDATING, BUT DON'T BE
FOOLED BY FIRST IMPRESSIONS.
>> WE'RE A BUNCH OF BIKER GUYS,
BUT WE LOVE ANIMALS.
WOLF, CRASH, KATO AND HOUSE MAKE
UP THIS RESCUE, THEIR NAMES ARE
SECRET FOR THEIR OWN
INVESTIGATION.
>> WE DO INVESTIGATIONS ON
PEOPLE WHO DO DOG FIGHTING.
>> Reporter: WHAT MAKES THEM
UNIQUE IS BRINGING THOSE
ACCOUNTABLE TO JUSTICE.
>> COMMUNITIES CAN CALL UPON
US, WHEREVER THERE IS THE MOST
HEINOUS CRIMES TO HELP WITH THE
POLICE.
>> Reporter: WHILE THEIR LOOK IS
UNIQUE, THEIR MESSAGE COUNTS.
>> IT'S OKAY TO LOVE AND
PROTECT AND HAVE A HEART FOR
ANIMALS.
>> REPORTER: THE DOGS THEY SAVE
ARE LOOKING FOR A LOBBING HOME.
LIKE -- A LOVING HOME, LIKE
CARMEN WHO WAS SAVED FROM A
DOG-FIGHTING RING.
>> HE IS VERY LOBBING. AMIGO'S
DISTINCT FEATURE COMES FROM HIS
BULLDOG FRENCH BULLDOG MIX.
>> THIS IS BUDDY AN
18-MONTH-OLD YORKIE, HE CAME
FROM AN ABUSIVE HOME.
HE'LL NEED TIME TO GET HEALTHY
AND BACK ON HIS FEET THAT SHOULD
HAPPEN BY THE END OF THE YEAR.
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN ADOPTING
BUDDY, GO TO THE JUSTICE RESCUE
WEBSITE.
YOU CAN VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE
SHELTER OR ADD A RESCUE GROUP TO
OUR LIST BY GOING TO THE "ACTION
NEWS" FACEBOOK